Emmanuelle x Eric & Jaryd - Discussions on how we can help your business.
Tue, Jan 20, 2026

0:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello, buddy. Meeting notes.

0:12 - Jaryd Paquette
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Do that, do that, do that. She's in here. Oh, you're muted manual.

0:32 - Jaryd Paquette
There you go, hi.

0:37 - Emmanuelle
how are you?

0:39 - Jaryd Paquette
Bonjour madame.

0:41 - Emmanuelle
Allo Eric.

0:44 - Eric
Ça va bien? How fun to meet you again.

0:50 - Eric
I know. It's been a while, petite école, hein?

0:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, petite école.

0:56 - Eric
Jaryd, just to give you some background, we went to elementary school together.

1:01 - Jaryd Paquette
Oh, no way. I ran into one of my, oh sorry, go ahead.

1:06 - Eric
This was years and years ago, but yeah.

1:11 - Jaryd Paquette
I recently reconnected too. I went to the, you know Orleans well at all?

1:17 - Emmanuelle
So you know tap room down at Centrum Plaza?

1:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Wait, wait, wait, wait.

1:20 - Jaryd Paquette
I went out for a night with a drink with my mom and took her for dinner and then I seen one of my elementary school friends, Emily, she pointed me out and I'm like, I'm like, wait, and she had to tell me, I'm like, wait, I know that name. Now I see the face. I remember everything.

1:33 - Emmanuelle
It was like everything comes back after.

1:34 - Jaryd Paquette
What school did you go to in Orleans? So I went to Common Glen and then I went to Sir Wilfrid Laurier. I went to Fallingbrook as well.

1:44 - Emmanuelle
Oh, wow.

1:47 - Jaryd Paquette
Common Glen for my elementary years and then Fallingbrook for like grades six to eight.

1:58 - Eric
So, um, Jaryd is, uh, is my business partner. He's a developer. He's a wizard. He can essentially make anything happen. Very impressive stuff.

2:15 - Jaryd Paquette
In nicer terms. I'm a big nerd.

2:17 - Emmanuelle
Introduce yourself and tell us a little bit more about you, but yeah.

2:24 - Jaryd Paquette
He sums it up. Emmanuel and I had a chance to...

2:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello?

2:35 - Jaryd Paquette
Did the sound cut out? Yeah, it's cutting.

2:38 - Emmanuelle
When Eric talks, I just hear little pieces.

2:42 - Jaryd Paquette
It's choppy.

2:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Is it?

2:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Is your mic near you?

2:49 - Emmanuelle
But I feel like he was even jamming.

2:57 - Jaryd Paquette
Yes, signal.

3:00 - Eric
Okay, I'll work on that.

3:07 - Jaryd Paquette
A bit about myself. I did a bit of marketing for a long time. I'm a contractor by trade, but then I've always loved the computer when I was a kid. I was taking apart Xboxes, modding them, and things like that. I always loved my video games. But I just love the way the internet works. So I followed the internet for a long time. I was actually one of the first developers to create a forum for people to get on. And then I was part of the team to build the second forum marketplace for people to actually start doing e-commerce before e-commerce was a platform. So I got to follow that. I did a lot of e-commerce back in the day, brands. I just I like to see things and I'd like to build an identity that comes to life. And that's what I'm good at, is putting a voice behind an image or a product. I've done everything from, again, websites to marketing to e-commerce to my own. When I did my landscaping and fence and deck business, I built my own websites because I just couldn't find the solution. People wanted to like I couldn't talk and get it reciprocated back, so I just I always learned it myself. I'm stubborn like that too. You try to show me the way.

4:17 - Emmanuelle
No, I know a better way. But you know what I mean.

4:20 - Unidentified Speaker
So I did that. Then I got into marketing really big.

4:24 - Jaryd Paquette
I ended up doing some traveling. I spoke on stage in Dubai for a conference. I got, yeah, we scaled an agency quick to the quickest agency, the six figures in 30 days. And then what we did, yeah, it was great. I had a bunch of clients in different industries dental was a big one. We did a lot of Airbnb management so I got to help create the documents for the Airbnb, the menus for the websites because you got to upload all that. Yeah I got to work with quite a few things and now Eric found me. I put a post out just reaching out to the universe kind of thing and then Eric sent me a message and we became best friends ever since. It's a love-hate relationship. I annoy the crap out of him but he did That's an awesome background.

5:12 - Jaryd Paquette
I like things that create and I like to see things be created. I like to think unimaginable and bring it reality.

5:20 - Emmanuelle
Well, thank you for taking this job because this is exactly where I'm trying to, I have all these ideas in my head. Grow this small little thing that we have going on, but I know like that with this, it might put a base.

5:35 - Jaryd Paquette
yeah my head like take take them out put it on a base sponge I'm a sponge so just feed me with it and I'll I'll sponge it in and then we could just pick out the the core yeah cool I'll let Eric go now Eric's to the connection good I I hope so I think so yes you're good now yes okay excellent so so emmanuel and I uh kind of went back and forth through the facebook messenger and she was essentially telling me uh a little bit about what she has going on and what she plans to do with it.

6:09 - Eric
So I'm wondering if Amanda you can kind of reiterate that for Jaryd. And then we're probably just going to ask you like a million questions. And we're, you know, we talked about it a little bit. We'll let you know what we think, what we know from personal experience, what we know from research. And then we'll just figure out what the best course of action is. And then we'll let you decide what you wanna do after that. Does that sound good?

6:35 - Emmanuelle
Yeah, sounds good.

6:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Also, before you start, if you can, there's a thing on here on Zoom that the chat, if you can share some links with us in the chat so I can reference them while you're talking.

6:47 - Emmanuelle
Like links?

6:49 - Jaryd Paquette
Do you have anything about your business online? Okay, perfect. Well, then I will just listen and then dig.

6:56 - Emmanuelle
No, well, big picture is we did, well, we did have like a brokerage that my husband started 10 years ago. We just sold part of it. And now with that chunk of money, he's honey, you've always wanted to do real estate and rent and own and all of that. So that's where ESDR has started.

7:21 - Emmanuelle
So ESDR is Emmanuel Seguin Daniel Rui, my husband. And so we started ESDR we purchased an Airbnb in Mont Blanc. It's with Cozy Management right now, and they're doing an excellent job because it's kind of far for me to go and manage and clean and whatever. So that's been ongoing for two years, but I'd also like to have that on that page. So what I'm thinking is that ESDR will own apartments, condos, houses, and I'd like it to be like the base is ESDR group, because it might buy more stuff as we go. We're working on a storage unit right now, commercial storage that I'd like to also have on there. And then have like the apartments on one side and then the storage on one side and maybe multiple, hopefully Airbnb on another clickable thing, all under ESDR group. So that's the idea that I had. I'd like to have maybe a little chat box for quick questions because I know sometimes going through Messenger and it's just like one more step. I'd like to have all the information in one spot so that minimal questioning.

8:42 - Jaryd Paquette
Kind of like a doctrine where people can come and see everything if they need to find it. There's a cool thing when developing, you know how if you do browser you can go ctrl f and you can find something yeah so we can do something along the same lines where we can put a hot key and people could search so it'll be powered behind the engine of like say the ai knows all of your business all your doctrine and documents and build a knowledge base where people be like uh does the sdr do this and then it'll link it'll pull up a bit of a small blurb of information but then take them to the actual full document that they can Read and view okay yeah like So many things you could do.

9:20 - Unidentified Speaker
So many things you could do. Simplicity though. You want to keep it simple.

9:25 - Emmanuelle
That's the thing. And I think my head right now, it's not simple. It's, it's full of like blah, blah, blah. Um, and, um, yeah, I think that's the big picture of what I'm asking Ihek is to, or you guys is to put something on. And I like to have like a, not a barcode, but a QR. A QR.

9:47 - Emmanuelle
rent sign instead of having my name, my phone number, my email. It's just that two people drive by and they just poop and then it's on their phone.

9:58 - Jaryd Paquette
And also have you, do you guys do events at all? Do you go to events, trade shows, all that kind of stuff?

10:03 - Emmanuelle
No, not yet. Maybe one day, but no, not yet.

10:07 - Jaryd Paquette
Well, there's a cool thing. When you do those, you buy the, just like your bank card, the technology, when you tap to pay, you can get business cards that have the same technology. If you tap on somebody's phone, it'll pull up your website, all the information, and you don't even have to say, go type this in, you tap their phone, or you hold it and they tap it.

10:22 - Unidentified Speaker
I've seen that.

10:22 - Emmanuelle
I've had that happen to me before, where I tapped somebody's card, and I was like, that's cool, yeah.

10:27 - Jaryd Paquette
They're amazing, yes, those are really good. And also, so you mentioned investment, like looking for new opportunities and things like that. One of my friends is actually massive in the multifamily industry, so that's a potential connection I can make with, yeah, yeah, yeah.

10:43 - Emmanuelle
we always have to look around and see what's available.

10:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Hold on.

10:50 - Emmanuelle
Okay, take my phone.

10:57 - Jaryd Paquette
Hey, buddy. What's your name?

11:00 - Emmanuelle
I'm Ben.

11:03 - Jaryd Paquette
Hi, Ben. Are you bugging mom?

11:08 - Emmanuelle
No, you're good.

11:11 - Unidentified Speaker
So yeah, there's so much we can do.

11:13 - Jaryd Paquette
Eric's already given me a draft of like some good information. And so again, we'll be doing some calls, like we'll make a group chat, questions I'll ask, you just fire off the answer and then we can compile that into one master website where it's gonna be basically the vault of you.

11:33 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm not gonna overwhelm you with a bunch of like, we're gonna do this, we're gonna do that, pretty much everything that you've got nested up here can be condensed into a simpler form, but still be the web of everything in simpler terms.

11:50 - Jaryd Paquette
And so that's very doable. And I actually I just tested out that the control F feature, but instead of different key and it'll pop up like it'll make your website go blurry and then it'll show a search bar kind of like if you're searching on Google, but you could search on your entire site.

12:06 - Emmanuelle
Yes, it'll know.

12:07 - Jaryd Paquette
Oh, it'll go to say, ESDR slash documents, and then it'll go to that specific document. It'll know where everything is and pull people right there, auto redirect them. So they don't have to know where to go find it. No, it'll take them right to it.

12:25 - Jaryd Paquette
And then chatbot, very doable. And we can connect that via so if you ever want, so people are talking on your site, you can take the transcription of the chats, Tie it to, so the way here, I'll actually just share quickly a sample. Go like this, share an entire screen. And I did one here. Is it this? Contractor demo, yes.

12:56 - Jaryd Paquette
So I did this here for a contractor. And what it is, so when you're doing the chatbot, let me move this over here. You're saying, hey, does or do you guys offer basements?

13:12 - Jaryd Paquette
Basements, walkout. And then it will give you the first answer for free to make them hooked, psychology. But then it'll give them the information, brand it. But then before to continue, you're going to be like, OK, how do we proceed? It'll say this. So we're going to capture them. They're going to opt in. Now we have them, we can email them, put them in a newsletter chain, feed them information. So we'll go Billy Bob Thornton, sure, and then we'll go, this will unlock access again, and then they know, it'll know the name, and it'll save it. So if you go here into the admin, you will see the new Billy Bob here with the whole transcript available.

13:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh yeah, okay.

13:56 - Jaryd Paquette
The better part, and it'll say chatbot lead, we can send this off to say your cell phone. If you and your husband are on the phone more than you are on email, then we can send you an SMS. Every time one of these happen, it'll ding you. It'll ding you and say, go check, we got a new lead.

14:13 - Emmanuelle
Or somebody's active and actively questioning.

14:18 - Jaryd Paquette
That's the thing.

14:19 - Emmanuelle
I love chatting. I'm less of a phone person. I love to respond. So I would love to have these people instead of just going through the website and say, oh, there's an apartment Is there any trees around or park or whatever? I'd like to ask the question and it goes to my phone directly. That's a quick yes. If it's something too intense, I could say like, we'll reply in a couple of hours.

14:42 - Jaryd Paquette
Well, that's the thing. You don't even have to worry about that. So AI has Google map and satellite, so it will be able to look and be like, yes, there are trees. The AI is intensively capable of doing everything. And so what we're going to do is we're going to ask the question. What we could do is actually when we're on the site, you can, for instance, we'll go back, you would be able to jump into it and say, take over chat, and then it'll take over the chat. And then your profile picture will come up and say, Emmanuelle is here, the agent has taken over.

15:15 - Emmanuelle
And that's one of the things that Eric made me go through a list of words that define me or ESDR. One of them or most of them was like, family-oriented, like respect, and I want me to be answering more than the chat box, maybe for now, until maybe I'm too busy for it. But to start ESDR and these apartments, rental in Russell, I know it's like East End, bilingual, close-knit communities, and I'd like for them to see like, oh my gosh, cool, like this person, this landlord is actually answering me in this moment. She's present.

15:51 - Jaryd Paquette
Yeah, yeah, present.

15:55 - Eric de Niverville
can you guys hear me?

15:58 - Eric de Niverville
Okay, I had a little bit of trouble there. So I'm I have like my phone for the audio and I still have the video on. So So yeah, so essentially, like what this chatbot thing is, is, imagine it, it's an assistant that never sleeps, it's on 24 seven, it'll answer some of the more repetitive questions that you may have. And at any point, can intercept and then have that because approachability and and charisma is something that you mentioned right as well as professionalism and stuff and so you absolutely would always have um access to jump in whenever you want but um a lot of times I'm sure you you may have noticed like people will have the same same old questions yeah is it available how much is it even though it's written right there but yes so those yeah I'm sure And let's say somebody jumps on, you know, and it's 1130 at night and you guys are in bed or whatever, at least your agent can answer those, those questions until, uh, you decide to jump in. Um, I did, I did just a little bit of research, uh, based on like your industry specifically in like in Canada specifically. And that's one of the big things is that people expect a response very, very quickly. And if, you know, you're even like 24 hours later, by that time, they likely have already moved on. Like there's an interesting stat that says that if you answer somebody within like five minutes, you have a 90% chance of having them. If it goes to 10 minutes, it drops dramatically down to like

17:37 - Emmanuelle
So this is a way for you to be able to answer them immediately and to provide that.

17:45 - Eric de Niverville
that human touch whenever you feel it's necessary.

17:48 - Emmanuelle
Love that. And this here is like a demonstration.

17:52 - Jaryd Paquette
So we can get you set up with a business line specifically for that chatbot. And then so if you text this number right now, it will pop up on here.

18:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, I still have my phone.

18:08 - Jaryd Paquette
Two seconds. I got to get that information.

18:11 - Emmanuelle
But essentially, it will come right to here okay and you you will basically you can download this app on your phone every time somebody digs your chatbot it'll go to this app on that phone number separate the two yes it's a bit like my airbnb right now so I have this company that does the talking but I see everything and whenever I want to pop in because they're really like my pleasure blah blah like always the same thing even though they're real people and I love to jump in a little hard to like thank you so much for staying my place and but it goes on this app where yeah yeah that's that's entirely doable.

18:51 - Eric de Niverville
how many places do you have now for rent if we're just looking at the the rental space?

18:57 - Emmanuelle
Right now we have a house in Navin, a house in Cumberland, we have four in our These are the ones that are live. And then we have the sixplex that is, we are getting the key on February 24th, 25th. So I'd like, I know it's tight now, but I'm going Friday to put it for rent, like just an orange thing with my phone number.

19:28 - Emmanuelle
So those ones right now I'm having a hard time, like I'm on Marketplace and I've been promoting them, but it's- I can show you as well really quick.

19:39 - Jaryd Paquette
So I do deal with a few realtors myself and I created what we call Automation, it's gonna look very scary at first fair warning, but I will give you an example of what I mean, so If I go here, I'm sorry, it's just tough with the other zoom. I got the zoom Overlays everywhere and even Eric can you do me a favor to send me that na9? Thing really quick, the link for it.

20:10 - Jaryd Paquette
I just cleared all my things so I don't have the N8N link handy.

20:17 - Unidentified Speaker
So what it does is we automate TikTok, Instagram.

20:22 - Jaryd Paquette
It'll generate videos, pictures. So we'll probably do curacels where people got to swipe to see the next picture. It'll be the easiest to do. And essentially what it can do is all day long, best peak times, we'll post free you hyper localize it. So Ottawa, Orleans, Rockland, wherever you want it to target, it will post nine videos, six videos, whatever a day. And then it will hashtag and all that people, it'll just be brand presence. So we can take pictures of your properties and then do them in different form, different variations and just put it all over the place. So it will basically be in front of everybody more often than not. So that's another thing. That's another thing that I have in the, in the, Toolkits, but yeah, there's again in the vault actually funny call that I just created because I'm a developer So I've created the dev vault for people who are developers Yeah, and for us developers. We need to have a bunch of resources to Do our jobs like to tie into different things to build and this vault has all of these tools in it So again, yeah And you are a good hands Okay, cool.

21:31 - Emmanuelle
I yeah, that's, that's things I didn't even think about. But yeah, in long term, like, you have the six packs, and I have another one coming in Campbell, which is like, far like a different audience completely. And then hopefully, maybe one Airbnb and come out some point, I just, how do we tie this into a nice, simple website? With like, one scan, and you can see what he has group has to offer kind of thing yeah very easily very easily uh airbnb did it anybody could do it okay cool and I think more people are gonna go this route i've been talking to like friends that have rentals and whatever and they're like oh no no just post it on marketplace you're fine but I feel like why not go a step above I know it's just rentals it doesn't need to be shit or classy or extra but I just I love it And I think you have the tools and the smart people's the people to do it. So why not?

22:32 - Unidentified Speaker
See that you love it. They're gonna love the property as well.

22:35 - Eric de Niverville
Yeah, another thing guys another thing to again research. I'm a big nerd for research Unfortunately in this industry, there's a lot of scams going on right now And so people are very apprehensive about Postings that are on marketplace I'm not saying you shouldn't have it, but as far as trust goes, it's one of the major issues with renters. They need to know that they can trust the landlord to not only take care of them and the property, but that they won't just kind of leave them high and dry. And so the research actually shows that having your own branded site exponentially increases the level of trust. And the more professional your site, it directly translates to more professional clients.

23:27 - Eric de Niverville
What we aim to do anytime we want to create a website for someone is we always include pre-screening, pre-qualifying, because there's nothing worse than wasting your time in email, in text, in phone calls, going back and forth for someone who is a tire kicker, right? So we always include like what we need to in there to pre-screen so that you're not wasting your time and you're only getting the best, the best talent.

23:56 - Jaryd Paquette
I'm going to assume you've done real estate, you've sold or like you've bought and sold houses or you've sold listings, no?

24:01 - Emmanuelle
No, I'm a government worker.

24:04 - Jaryd Paquette
Oh, far different. But you've heard, you've heard the horror story chain of doing a showing and seeing all the people looking, ooh, ah, but never actually buying. We filter out and that's, that's exactly.

24:16 - Unidentified Speaker
what that system is like, Okay, cool.

24:19 - Jaryd Paquette
Yeah, window shopping, right?

24:21 - Emmanuelle
I mean, it's part of the deal to go through all of these, but if you can partially take them away or...

24:29 - Jaryd Paquette
And also, you on Facebook, like the community groups. Are you in Orleans?

24:36 - Emmanuelle
I'm in Navin. I actually started the Navin Helping Hands during COVID because there's a lot of old people in Navin. And during COVID, I started this group and now it's like, okay, maybe we only have 600 people, but Navin is like 800 people, so.

24:52 - Jaryd Paquette
Yeah, exactly. So you've got the majority.

24:55 - Emmanuelle
Yeah, exactly.

24:57 - Jaryd Paquette
And then, so all these different groups like yours, they got the buy nothing communities. Fallingbrook has split up into different communities, but these people are so loyal to each other because that's what you can do. You can put your network, go to the farmer's markets, things like that. Maybe you go to and all these people talk so in these groups you can actually what we call leveraging communities where we can go out talk to the group founders and then share like say hey can we give you how much money or maybe a free stay at the place for a week can we use your group to leverage asset right asset before payment and then what we can do is you put us at the top in your banner we'll create a graphic and then it'll say go to www and then every time somebody goes on these groups, they're going to see you for the next week. Things like that. That's another way to get a loyal and vetted people because people are going into these groups and these groups are known, but if they're going and finding that group, they're going to find your thing. They're probably going to be a good tenant.

25:58 - Eric de Niverville
And referrals are great. Obviously word of mouth. It's like, it's the best type of advertising and it's, it's almost impossible to buy. Um, and, you know, having your own branded place, like your own website, it only supports the referral because a lot of what I'm seeing is, um, even though somebody is, is being referred to you, they still want to kind of check you out. And so having that presence, it only amplifies, you know what I mean?

26:29 - Emmanuelle
So it's like doing the due diligence on buying a new property.

26:32 - Jaryd Paquette
Yeah, I agree.

26:34 - Unidentified Speaker
So I have, I have a question for you and forgive my ignorance.

26:39 - Eric de Niverville
Um, so these places that are not, um, rented right now, like they, they're still costing you money, correct? I mean, you still have to pay for the

26:52 - Emmanuelle
Not right now. Cause I don't have the keys yet. They're coming up. They're not even done construction. Um, appliances are coming in in two weeks. So that's the thing as well. I have nothing to show the people. I created this little pamphlet that I can put you the link. A little pamphlet with like the floor plan and the price and how big it is and about Russell. Why do you want to live in Russell? A little. And so that's what I have right now. Then I have the keys. And two days after, I'm hoping people will sign the rent, the lease to start March which is a bit crazy, but that's how it is.

27:35 - Unidentified Speaker
It doesn't cost any money now, but it will in a month.

27:40 - Eric de Niverville
I think the point I was trying to make is that in your industry, it's going to be very important to fill the places as fast as possible.

27:49 - Jaryd Paquette
Is that a statement? In a perfect world, yes.

27:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, I'm even thinking of lowering the price after doing a bit of research.

27:57 - Jaryd Paquette
What are the units, how many bedrooms?

28:01 - Emmanuelle
we have two bedrooms and four of three.

28:09 - Jaryd Paquette
Okay, what's the price for the twos?

28:12 - Emmanuelle
The twos are $2,450.

28:25 - Jaryd Paquette
And the location?

28:31 - Unidentified Speaker
It's pretty competitive. It's just for the time.

28:38 - Emmanuelle
Right now, in February, it's hard to get.

28:41 - Jaryd Paquette
But the best part is though, you're a new build, so value of the money you're putting in, right? So people will pay for luxury.

28:50 - Emmanuelle
I'm of just... Switching it up for from $100, like scratch 100 off. It's not much, but it's still.

29:00 - Jaryd Paquette
Or you could do what a lot of places are doing, which is the pre sign up for the year lease. But if you sign up for this, we give you like you sign today, you get the discounted on first month, right? But it's not Yeah, not every month has to be discounted. You just discount one of them. And then they sign it because it's like, Oh, I gotta get the deal. People feel like they lose out if they get it and then they're locked in on that year term and then first three months a hundred off or go like every month or something like make it like that instead of just scratching it scratching it and reposting it I could just add this little incentive yeah that's a good idea yeah and then uh okay so I'm thinking after here we got a few options how soon are you ready to get going on this website and I guess I have the cash perfect There's a couple ways we can do this. We can do the get you going, get you started, or we can continue to be around, no matter what, we're always gonna be on the call, or we can commit to you as we commit to each other kind of thing, right? So we can be your partner in this in a sense of handling the backend. Every month we come in, I do have friends who do come in with a 3D, can take the full thing of the units, put that in, we can manage the media, or we can build the infrastructure get the website started and then come in on a later thing on a month to month kind of thing as well. You got the option to get everything start now month to month or we go and just start with the website and then we talk about what you need next.

30:31 - Emmanuelle
Okay, that's two good options.

30:35 - Emmanuelle
can you send me an email or even like a chat with those two options and a price range? I know it won't be, it depends on how many meetings we have but just like an idea. Of what plan one offers, what plan two offers. And then by like the end of tomorrow, if I have it like today or tomorrow, that little plan, I'll be able to tell you like, okay, let's go this route or let's go this route. Yeah, perfect.

31:01 - Jaryd Paquette
So I can easily tell you right now the website is going to be 2,500 for all the items. We don't see the chat, but we're going to have the background with all your documents. It's going to be, it's not just going to be a one pager. We're going to make it in depth with all the resources people need know, and it's always accessible. There's never going to be a question unanswered. And then I'll come up with three different tiers for the month-to-month, where you can either, it'll help, like no matter what, one of them are going to help no matter what, and it's just going to be how much do you need at this time, right? And they're always adjustable. So I'll put that together, I'll sit with Eric, we'll think tank the month-to-month plan, and yeah, perfect.

31:42 - Eric de Niverville
And like, we can help you get set up with your own Google profile. And obviously, we're going to make your website be easily found on Google. And again, it's going to use the research and the wording that actually attracts the high quality people and it dissuades the lower quality people. At the end of the day, what we want to do is we want to fill your units faster with better tenants and with the least amount of admin in on your part, like that's what we aim for, right?

32:14 - Emmanuelle
So do you think there on the website, you could have like the application form that they could fill out, but will it be like a fillable PDF and then they send it to me by email or can they submit on the website?

32:29 - Jaryd Paquette
Yeah, we could even have like a process where they'll fill out the form, it'll show the application so we can convert input into readable file. I'm doing it right now with Indeed. I'll actually show you that quickly. I built something for Indeed to have people build their resumes better. So if we go to Indeed.

32:52 - Jaryd Paquette
Indeed, I created Indeed Bot, which will essentially.

32:58 - Emmanuelle
Is that you? Yes, that's me.

33:03 - Jaryd Paquette
So yeah, again and what this does is people who don't know how to take what they know and put it into, I haven't made a resume in like 10 I built this for myself to try and find a cyber, so I picked up cyber security as a hobby and I wanted to see if I could get a job in it and so this thing will open up and, sorry let me go back, initialize system, there we go. So now we're in Indeed, you can chat to it, you can build a resume, and essentially it will, we don't have enough time, we've got five minutes. I'm going to upload a quick file.

33:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Wow, so you created this for you, or can anybody access this?

33:49 - Jaryd Paquette
Yeah, I built it for me, but then I'm like, wait, people can use this. I helped my mom build her friend's new resume for a dream job she just wanted to get, and she got the job. And so I ended up doing that, and I was like, this is actually helpful. So I'll go with, we'll use Cindy's resume that we actually did it for, and we'll say build resume. And this thing will actually pull open a full, and if you go to say AI developer.

34:20 - Jaryd Paquette
What I'm trying to get at is this can deform for people to fill out the application. It will look like you're applying for a job on here, but then it will, translate it into a actual form that like pdf for you so there's the resume there's a resume just generated yeah so super interactive like almost app that people can fill out as if they were ordering an uber or just answering questions whatever super friendly and then it gets automatically converted into an application like a written application pdf for yourself for your own record because I know I still have to through it and make some calls.

35:00 - Emmanuelle
You know, I'm going to pass landlord numbers.

35:04 - Jaryd Paquette
I'm going to ask whoever you're partnering with as well, like say your, your financing or your application insurance. Most of these people have systems already that if they connect with us and say down the road, like say four months from now, our systems are so good. Yours are so good that they want to get in on it. So that way we don't have to email them all the time. We don't have to talk to their agents that we can connect them to your So every application you get goes right directly to their inbox and they can review it. They can get an account on your backend and see all your very seamless infrastructure, not application. That's what we can do.

35:42 - Emmanuelle
Now I'm thinking about the insurance that I want you to meet my husband and talk about like people talk to us and say, Hey menu, can you put me with your personal lines? I want to quote. And then, you know, it's all the questions by email.

35:57 - Unidentified Speaker
And then they come back with a half ass email with not even all the questions because it did. I'm just thinking, oh my gosh, people could go on our Smith Read, you know, insurance and then quote.

36:11 - Jaryd Paquette
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's what I do. I help you extract from the day to day. I let you do what you want to do because you started this for a reason, right? You want to, you want to enjoy what you do, go to work, say hi to your people, but you also don't want to be in the business.

36:26 - Emmanuelle
Or always like... Yes.

36:31 - Jaryd Paquette
It was a pleasure meeting you.

36:33 - Emmanuelle
Yeah, I see the big picture. Thank you very much. I was eye-opening more than I thought. I was texting Eric just to have like a website that says SDR Group, pictures of the condos, click here, you know, if you want to send me an email, but...

36:49 - Jaryd Paquette
So realistically, we'll start you present we'll put you online but then we'll slowly like that's why I mentioned if we do the month to month this is going to be having us for every month to build and to continuously expand because Rome wasn't built in a day. We'll build your infrastructure, learn your reality when people are talking, we'll see how your clients are and then we'll adapt as we go.

37:15 - Emmanuelle
we're basically going to be your, you text Hey, Jaryd.

37:20 - Jaryd Paquette
Hey, Eric. I'm noticing this. Can you guys look into this? We'll go check it out. We'll fix it. That's what I mean.

37:27 - Emmanuelle
I like that.

37:30 - Emmanuelle
And, uh, I mean, pictures won't be able to be taken before like the 27th and I can, yeah, And I tried to, I Googled, I don't know, some application where I tried to do like a 3d, you know, with the stairs here and the island here. I just I couldn't so I just posted the full plan. But is that something you guys do or that's something else that's more artsy?

37:55 - Jaryd Paquette
I don't know we could definitely get that done. Does anything.

37:59 - Emmanuelle
Well that's what I thought like I'm gonna put my plan in AI. It says island, pot light, it says fridge. Okay do you, well sorry I'm gonna send another link to Eric if you want we can continue this a little longer. This meeting is gonna end in one minute. Oh okay well if you want you you can start by like whatever I told you yeah ask me all the questions I will send you whatever you need I can sign a contract or whatever you work send the funds and I'm ready to move forward because I think I have a great like vibe of all this and yeah and the best part is you can shake our hands we're not far yeah yeah so we can meet maybe once you have something going like for real then could we could meet whenever you get the keys let us know we could come in and take some pictures ourselves okay perfect okay there's a plunger manual it was

38:53 - Jaryd Paquette
really good talking and I'll go reconnect with Eric after this okay and I'm around if you need anything just text me perfect okay